bridge-utils curl dbus euca2ools git-core openssh-server openssl
openssl-devel psmisc pylint python-setuptools python-unittest2
python-virtualenv screen tar tcpdump unzip wget which gcc
python-argparse python-devel python-eventlet python-greenlet
python-lxml python-paste-deploy python-routes python-sqlalchemy
python-wsgiref pyxattr python-greenlet libxslt-devel python-lxml
python-paste python-paste-deploy python-paste-script python-routes
python-sqlalchemy python-webob sqlite python-dateutil MySQL-python curl
dnsmasq-utils ebtables gawk genisoimage iptables iputils kpartx
libxml2-python numpy m2crypto parted polkit python-boto python-carrot
python-cheetah python-eventlet python-feedparser python-gflags
python-greenlet python-iso8601 python-kombu python-lockfile
python-migrate python-mox python-paramiko python-paste
python-paste-deploy python-qpid python-routes python-sqlalchemy
python-suds python-tempita sqlite sudo vconfig iscsi-initiator-utils
lvm2 genisoimage sysfsutils sg3_utils python-libguestfs lvm2
scsi-target-utils qemu-img python-devel postgresql-devel
iscsi-initiator-utils python-lxml numpy Django django-registration gcc
pylint python-anyjson python-BeautifulSoup python-boto python-coverage
python-dateutil python-eventlet python-greenlet python-httplib2
python-kombu python-migrate python-mox python-nose python-paste
python-paste-deploy python-routes python-sphinx python-sqlalchemy
python-webob pyxattr libxslt-devel 
rabbitmq-server
mysql-server
kvm
libvirt
libvirt-python
httpd mod_wsgi
